README.md, before:

# Daily JavaScript Challenges

![Butcher](https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fmedia.giphy.com%2Fmedia%2FVLuwvjBCZ27cY%2Fgiphy-downsized-large.gif&f=1&nofb=1)

## Overview

To provide additional practice writing JavaScript functions to solve a specific task, you will be required to complete one code challenge per day during weeks: 2, 4, 5, 7, 8, and 10. Totaling **30** challenges.

These code challenges are considered deliverables, and thus 80% of them must be completed in combination with other deliverable homework/assignments in order to receive a Certificate of Completion.

You may choose to do more than one per day, or none at all - just don't fall too far behind!

## Getting Started

- `Fork` and `Clone` this repository
- Each day, open the repo in VS Code and work in the `challenges.js` file

## Instructions

- All challenges have one or more tests that run when the `run-tests-by-opening-in-browser.html` file is opened in the browser. 

- By default, Jasmine (the testing framework) will run the tests in random order. To change this, click on the **Options** button at the top-right and uncheck the *run tests in random order* checkbox.

- Solve the challenges by writing functions in the `challenges.js` file only.  **DO NOT MODIFY ANY OTHER FILE.**

- Each code challenge requires writing a **single function** to solve.

- Be sure to name the function **exactly** as specified by the challenge.

- The default display shows only the challenges that are failing. To see an overall summary of all tests, click the "**Spec List**" link.

- After solving a challenge, be sure to check the solution(s) contained in `solutions.js`. If multiple solutions are provided, they are typically shown in increasing order of "elegance".

![Bill](https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fmedia1.tenor.com%2Fimages%2Fde49fb1f5de8f8c9d8f49a3031b90993%2Ftenor.gif%3Fitemid%3D7919605&f=1&nofb=1)

## Submission Guidelines

- Your instructors will be checking your progress from time-to-time. As you solve the challenges, add and commit your work, and `git push origin main`.  This pushes the updates to your fork.
- At the end of Week 11, we will have you make one pull request on the main repo in the org using the [PR Guidelines](https://github.com/SEI-R-4-26/template_pull_request).

Commit message:

migrate to jest testing suite

README.md, after:

# Daily JavaScript Challenges

![Butcher](https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fmedia.giphy.com%2Fmedia%2FVLuwvjBCZ27cY%2Fgiphy-downsized-large.gif&f=1&nofb=1)

## Overview

To provide additional practice writing JavaScript functions to solve a specific task, you will be required to complete one code challenge per day during weeks: 2, 4, 5, 7, 8, and 10. Totaling **30** challenges.

These code challenges are considered deliverables, and thus 80% of them must be completed in combination with other deliverable homework/assignments in order to receive a Certificate of Completion.

You may choose to do more than one per day, or none at all - just don't fall too far behind!

## Getting Started

- `Fork` and `Clone` this repository
- `npm install` (You only need to run this once)
- Each day, open the repo in VS Code and work in the `challenges.js` file

## Instructions

- All challenges have one or more tests that run when the command `npm run test` is excuted from your terminal **in this directory**. You can use <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>c</kbd> or <kbd>q</kbd> from within the terminal window to exit the test suite.

- By default, Jest (the testing framework) will run all of the tests in order. To only run one of the files, start the testing suite with `npm run test` and press <kbd>p</kbd> to bring up the filtering option. Here you can type in which test file to run, ie: `basic`,`intermediate`,`hard`.

- As you solve your challenges and save your files, the testing suite will re-run the tests for you.

- Solve the challenges by completing the functions in the `challenges.js` file only. **DO NOT MODIFY ANY OTHER FILE.**

- Each code challenge requires writing a **single function** to solve.

- Be sure to name the function **exactly** as specified by the challenge.

- The default display shows only the challenges that are failing. You'll see a green indicator at the bottom telling you how many have passed.

- After solving a challenge, be sure to check the solution(s) contained in `solutions.js`. If multiple solutions are provided, they are typically shown in increasing order of "elegance".

![Bill](https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fmedia1.tenor.com%2Fimages%2Fde49fb1f5de8f8c9d8f49a3031b90993%2Ftenor.gif%3Fitemid%3D7919605&f=1&nofb=1)

## Submission Guidelines

- Your instructors will be checking your progress from time-to-time. As you solve the challenges, add and commit your work, and `git push origin main`. This pushes the updates to your fork.
- At the end of Week 11, we will have you make one pull request on the main repo in the org using the [PR Guidelines](https://github.com/SEI-R-4-26/template_pull_request).
